[Apps] [revampdoc] [publishyourapp] (#2821)
MicrosoftDocs/msteams-docs: msteams-platform/concepts/deploy-and-publish/apps-publish-overview.md

---
title: Overview of publish your app
description: This is an overview of how to package and publish your app.
ms.topic: conceptual
ms.author: lajanuar
keywords: teams apps Upload
---

# Publish your apps
Apps that you develop must be made available to an individual, team, or an organization for the users to use them. You achieve this by publishing your apps. There is a complete process to publish your apps that includes, selecting methods of distribution, packaging and uploading, and finally publishing.

This document provides an overview of the steps you must take to publish your app successfully to an App Store or AppSource, formerly Office Store.

## Distribute your apps
You can choose to distribute your apps to individuals, teams, or organizations. When distributing the apps to organizations, you must ensure that you adhere to the compliance policies of the selected organization. There are different methods to distribute your app. For more information, see [distribute your app](overview.md).

## Create your app package

> After selecting the method to distribute your app, you need to create package that includes your app's configurations and core assets. For more information, see [create your app package](../build-and-test/apps-package.md).

Reviewer: Suggested revision:
```suggestion
After selecting the method to distribute your app, you must create a package that includes your app's configurations and core assets. For more information, see [create your app package](../build-and-test/apps-package.md).
```

## Upload your app for a team or user
You can upload your app package to a team or a conversation through the App Store. You can also upload it using the AppSource. For more information, see [upload your app package](apps-upload.md).

## Publish your app to your organization

> The final step is to publish your app to your organization, such that the users can start using your app. For more information, see [publish your app](https://docs.microsoft.com/MicrosoftTeams/manage-apps?toc=%2Fmicrosoftteams%2Fplatform%2Ftoc.json&bc=%2FMicrosoftTeams%2Fbreadcrumb%2Ftoc.json).

Reviewer: @KirtiPereira This isn't a "final step" but one of the three equal publishing options.

> ## Publish your app to Teams store (AppSource)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Publish your app to Teams store
```

> You can publish your app to Teams store, also called AppSource, and make it available on the web. For information on how to publish the app to the Teams store, see [submit your app to AppSource](../../appsource/publish.md).

Reviewer: @KirtiPereira We can don't always have to mention "AppSource".
```suggestion
To make your app available to anyone, you can [publish your app to the Teams store](../../appsource/publish.md).
```

---
title: Overview of publish your app
description: This is an overview of how to package and publish your app.

> ms.topic: conceptual 

Reviewer: Please include `author` and `ms.author` metadata.

keywords: teams apps Upload
---

# Publish your apps

> Apps that you develop need to be published to your organization for the users to use them. There is a complete process to publish your apps that includes, selecting methods of distribution, packaging and uploading, and finally publishing.

Reviewer: Maybe revise to cover all options for publishing. Publishing to an organization is only one of three.

This document provides an overview of the steps you must take to publish your app successfully to an App Store or AppSource, formerly Office Store.

## Distribute your apps

> You can distribute your apps to an Enterprise organization, for example, a corporate or US Government organizations, such as federal, state, territorial, and tribal bodies. When distributing the apps, you must ensure that you adhere to the compliance policies of the selected organization. There are different methods to distribute your app. For more information, see [distribute your app](overview.md).

Reviewer: I think this should be more of a high-level statement how you need to choose your distribution model (individual, team, org, or store).

## Create your app package

> After selecting the method to distribute your app, you need to create an app package. An app package helps you upload all core components of your app to the App Store or AppSource at one go. For more information, see [create your app package](../build-and-test/apps-package.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After selecting the method to distribute your app, you need to create package that includes your app's configurations and core assets. For more information, see [create your app package](../build-and-test/apps-package.md).
```
Suggest removing second sentence.

> ## Upload your app package

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Upload your app for a team or user
```

You can upload your app package to a team or a conversation through the App Store. You can also upload it using the AppSource. For more information, see [upload your app package](apps-upload.md).

## Access your uploaded app 

> After uploading your app package, access it and test the components before publishing to your organization. For more information, see [access your uploaded app](apps-access.md).

Reviewer: I think we can remove this and the related page. To me, this should be covered in the "Upload your app for a team or user"

> ## Publish your app to Teams store (AppSource)
> You can publish your app to Teams store, also called AppSource, and make it available on the web. For information on how to publish the app to the Teams store, see [submit your app to AppSource](../../appsource/publish.md).
> 
>  ## Publish your app to your organization
> The final step is to publish your app to your organization, such that the users can start using your app. For more information, see [publish your app](https://docs.microsoft.com/MicrosoftTeams/manage-apps?toc=%2Fmicrosoftteams%2Fplatform%2Ftoc.json&bc=%2FMicrosoftTeams%2Fbreadcrumb%2Ftoc.json).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Publish your app to your organization
The final step is to publish your app to your organization, such that the users can start using your app. For more information, see [publish your app](https://docs.microsoft.com/MicrosoftTeams/manage-apps?toc=%2Fmicrosoftteams%2Fplatform%2Ftoc.json&bc=%2FMicrosoftTeams%2Fbreadcrumb%2Ftoc.json).

## Publish your app to Teams store (AppSource)
You can publish your app to Teams store, also called AppSource, and make it available on the web. For information on how to publish the app to the Teams store, see [submit your app to AppSource](../../appsource/publish.md).
```
Swapped order for consistency elsewhere.

> ## See also
> 
> > [!div class="nextstepaction"]
> > [Pre-submission checklist](~/concepts/deploy-and-publish/appsource/prepare/submission-checklist.md)
> 
> > [!div class="nextstepaction"]
> > [App manifest checklist](~/concepts/deploy-and-publish/appsource/prepare/app-manifest-checklist.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
Suggest removing for now since linked docs may be going away.
